[Music]
okay so see if there is a topic that
Marifer let's see Dallas released a video about
graphology I haven't seen the video I do
n't know if you have seen it I
saw that there were people even criticizing
the thumbnail which is to say well well
well we are going to put obstacles even in the
thumbnail No we are going to put obstacles
even in the thumbnail m But well no Yeah I don't
know I mean dala criticizing graphology
but I don't know if it's a video for Marifer
as such or for graphology in general I haven't
seen it I haven't seen it I don't know if egun
grasa is going to defend Marifer today we are going
to deal with a little thing of a pass Yes yes he is
going to defend Marifer of course here you
put him in a in a complicated situation
No of course he is going to defend the enemy of he is
going to defend the enemy of his master
is complicated or not He will deal with the subject no
Or no He will deal with the subject let's see of course he has to agree
with Dallas No
because if the video was against
graphology Of course but Ah now Mr. doctor
thinks that  graphology is a
science, didn't he say it the other day in a
statement, the situation is complicated,
eh wizard Very well wizard I like it
wizard has put the WhatsApp group for you, I'm
sure How many of us are in the WhatsApp group
wizard How many of us are in the
WhatsApp group ole already more 4240 eh
4240 eh eye Hello hello hey Dalas you are
great to start with you hung up late on
topic two that you mention that all your
bibliography is Wikipedia I love it
because the capture that it puts is from a
turboplane video it says it is from a
turboplane video Dallas it is from Dallas it
seems to me to see it as green like this in
small rock a kiss Wikipedia Yes, I
mean absurd someone who does
research on Wikipedia please I
mean it's for real I mean really yes yes I do
n't know if this was funny yes this is
pitiful but I'm going to tell you something
you put eh studies that are
really old there is even
currently a topic of
Artificial Intelligence that is looking for patterns
through writing we have to take into
account that writing is a
neurophysiological process and the truth is it is a it is
a  it's a shame you ran out of
ideas because you were a great creator I mean you did
n't have to copy you didn't have to
get on the topics but oh well let's see
although it is true that one moves
the topics yes it can happen and yes it
can happen also not that they comment on
other people's topics I mean we
ourselves don't usually carry
all the weight of the gossip no and move and
have everyone dancing but we
also comment on other people's topics no no it's
incompatible the topics you
generated Ah you had to hang on a
topic no no no yes repeating a lot of what
Octavio said and he tries to give a
scientific sense to his video but
someone who really knows this well realizes a
lot this realizes that it is pure
garbage what he mentions in the video talks
a little about the axioms science
also has axioms Not only
graphology then he also
needs to study a little
epistemology to
really understand how
science works what he's going to do is send me a very
long email full of insults Ah
with insults saying that that's  what she's
going to do and oh Dallas Oh Dallas Oh
Dallas but more Look the truth is that one
day Dallas challenged me to a debate I don't know what I
said she didn't challenge me to a debate and she was telling me
download discord How strange that Marifer
releases one because I understand that it will be a
video of those that she uploads things right I mean how
strange that she releases a video of
Dallas No already and I was saying Well I don't even know
what discord is and no I mean like like
Why necu prod a kiss Thank you
very much friend today I haven't
set a goal eh Nothing today humble humble we
don't set a goal I don't have
goals in life eh give me whatever
you guys want okay I mean send super
chat Simply if you want and talk
to me okay just that make me some kind
of comment ask that I answer
okay Those are the Super chats of today there is no
goal that you send Well if you
want to debate then you can debate about
graphology to see if it has a
non-scientific basis but I mean about
something else I don't know what he wants to debate
but but let's see he or I mean he's not even a
graphologist No nor  graphologist nor scientist
No not even scientific, I mean, let's go or I
think that now on the other hand if that is not
determined by science
d no please now We are talking
precisely about of a projection of does
not want to debate with Dallas eh about
that subject conscious of writing as a
neurophysiological professor Oh Dallas Oh
Dallas lost lost guys I want
friend Send him a hug we send
kisses and hugs to Dallas wherever he
is V See you later Okay yes or no
guys Jai I can't afford to send
a super chat No don't tell me your life
the truth nobody has asked you about your life
Okay guys I mean you can throw the
answer to Marifer Centeno I mean no it's not
like I've entered in in It's that I have
n't seen the video either but look without
seeing the video it's not because it's from dala
But I don't think that graphology is
a science I mean I don't think that you're
going to lose weight writing with a
blue pen or If you write upwards or
how are you okay that that the that the way you
write can sometimes tell you
your mood unconsciously
well uh me  I imagine it will depend on the
people, I mean, it's like
body language. No, I do believe that
sometimes body language can
speak about your attitude, about whether you
tell the truth, about whether you lie
sometimes. What happens is that there are people who
know how to control it, so I understand that
writing will be more or less the same. There are
people who can
tell you a lot of things about the way you
write, and people who can't. Now, you can
use it as a science to
lose weight, to cure anxiety and that
kind of [ __ ]. Well, no, no, no.
[Music]